In this lecture, I'm going to demonstrate how we can create a MAVEN project using command prompt.
So if I go back to the website where it has the Quickstart template, you'll see it as a usage section
here.
And there is a command which is provided.
So this is what we can use in command prompt to generate the project in if I copy that.
A tape that I recommend is open up notepad and then paste in it.
So I need to add to this to add my own group D and artifact I.D. And I can do this by using Dash D.
And then I'm going to use group.
I thi with a capital I and it's going to equal for me UK echo dots automation testing.
I then need to add my own artifact guide.
So again, I'm going to use that capitalized D and then I am going to type i.
R t.
I f i c t i the with the capital i and it's going to equal the project name.
So I'm going to call this.
Maven.
Seemed like so.
So I'm going to keep this in notepad for now.
And what I'm going to do next is open up Windows Explorer, and I'm going to go to my desktop.
And go to my resources folder and then I'm going to double click into the workspace folder.
So here you can see my project from the last lecture.
So I am going to copy this path.
And then I'm going to open up command prompt.
And I'm going to use the command C D which stands for Change Directory and I'm going to paste that path
and click Enter.
So you now see that I'm in that path.
And so I am going to go back to Notepad and now copy this.
And then go back to command prompt and paste it.
And then I'm going to select Enter.
So you'll see that Maven begins generating the project for you.
So it asked me to define value for property version.
So I'm just going to leave that blank and click Enter.
It then asks you to confirm by song and enter why and then click Enter.
And you can see that the project has now successfully been built.
So this is the first time you use a maven through command prompt.
It may take a while and it may load a number of different other components for you.
But as I've loaded it before, this is why it's taken quick on my screen.
So now I am going to minimize command prompt.
I am going to close this notepad.
And I'm going to close Chrome.
So you can see in my workspace folder, I now have a project called Maven Command.
So if I double click that, you'll see the following two files.
So to import this into eclipse, we need to do one further action here.
We need to run one more command through command line.
I need to do this inside the project structure.
So I am going to highlight this path.
Go back to command prompt and I am going to use the command again c d space and then paste that path.
You'll see that I'm now in may even see M.D. and the commander I am going to right here is m the N.
Eclipse.
Colon Eclipse and then click Enter.
And you'll see that build success has completed.
And if I go back to Windows Explorer, you'll see that it's generated these two files.
These two files are what we need to be able to import a MAVEN project into Eclipse.
If I don't have these files, it wouldn't allow me to do it.
So I'm going to go back to Eclipse and I'm going to select file and then import.
I'm then going to select Maven and expand it and select existing MAVEN projects and click next.
And then I'm going to use the browser button.
And I'm going to go for my desktop to my resources folder, to my workspace folder, and you'll see
Maven, C and D and if I select that folder off the highlights in it.
You'll see they selected Pond or Exmouth.
And if I click Finish.
You'll see that that project has now been imported.
And it contains the same structure as the last lecture that I demonstrated.
So this is how we can generate a project through TMD and also import it into Eclipse.
Thank you for watching.